[Music]
you are ready to hear something exciting
it's story time let's see what has
done here and I
[Music]
so today's story is called kaiju going to
An amusement park
we have arrived
if we have already arrived here and I was very
excited because it was the first time
I went to an amusement park and I wanted to
ride in all of them with your dad
[Music]
in the first one he wanted to go up was in the
Niagara Falls called Stand
standing next to that board cayuco
this can only go up if you're what
pretty high
[Music]
you like
It's a little scary, true son
he fell and his dad agreed to
that the attraction was fun though
It was a little scary
here I was having so much fun that
he stopped being afraid
[Music]
[Applause]
well you want dessert
I do not want to peter before
and of course
[Music]
I think sweet cotton is not very
good for you mean that
you want one
and
[Music]
we are very high he loved
ride on the wheel from up there
I could see the whole park
attractions
it was the biggest teddy bear that
I had never seen
if they managed to put all the rings in a
wooden stick
maybe they would win the bear
[Music]
it was a very difficult game for the
aran has entered is not as easy as
It seems
you can try it daddy well I'll try
[Music]
here and I really wanted his dad
could hit the third ring on the stick
you have fun fell like this no no what is
what you liked most the river the ferris wheel
I know when dad threw the hoops and won
the bear is not true
[Music]
[Applause]